Rule 2154/34 (Power=2)
Election Procedure

      A player CAN initiate an election for a specified elected office
      for which no election is already in progress

       a) by announcement, if e is the IADoP, or the office is vacant
          or assumed, or no election has been initiated for the office
          within 90 days before the announcement;

       b) with 4 Supporters, otherwise.

      When an election is initiated, the current holder of the office
      (if any) is initially considered to have been nominated and have
      accepted.

      During the first four days of the election (the nomination
      period), any player CAN by announcement nominate one or more
      active players.

      As soon as possible after the nomination period ends, the IADoP
      SHALL initiate an Agoran decision to determine the new
      officeholder. For this decision:

       1) The valid options are the active players (hereafter the
          candidates) who, during the election,

            a) received and accepted a nomination for the office
               before the decision was initiated (self-nomination
               constitutes acceptance), and

            b) did not decline a nomination for the office.

          The set of candidates can change after the decision is
          initiated.

       2) The eligible voters are the active first-class players.

       3) Each eligible voter's voting limit is one.

       4) If there are no valid options for the Decision, the IADoP
          SHALL, in place of initiating the decision, announce this
          fact, ending the election.  If there is exactly one valid
          option for the Decision, the IADoP SHALL, in place of
          initiating the Decision, announce the valid option (the
          candidate), thus installing that candidate into the office
          and ending the election.

      Upon the resolution of this decision, its outcome (if a
      candidate) is installed into the office, and the election ends.
