Rule 1504/58 (Power=2)
Criminal Cases

      Criminal cases are a subclass of judicial cases.  Any person can
      initiate a criminal case by announcement, specifying:

      (a) a person (the Accused),
      (b) an action the Accused allegedly performed or failed to
          perform, and
      (c) a rule allegedly violated by that action/inaction.

      The initiator and each member of the Accused's basis are
      unqualified to be assigned as judge of the case.

      The valid judgements for a criminal case are as follows:

      * GUILTY with a valid sentence, appropriate if the judge finds,
        beyond a reasonable doubt, that ALL of the following are true:
       (a) the Accused breached the specified rule via the specified
           act;
       (b) the breach occurred within 30 days prior to the case being
           initiated;
       (c) judgement has not already been reached in another criminal
           case with the same Accused, the same rule, and
           substantially the same alleged act;
       (d) the Accused should have reasonably believed that the
           alleged act did violate the specified rule;
       (e) the Accused could have reasonably avoided committing the
           breach without committing a different breach of equal or
           greater severity.

      * NOT GUILTY, appropriate if GUILTY is not appropriate.  In
        delivering this verdict, the judge SHOULD indicate which of
        the sub-requirements for a finding of guilty were not found to
        be true beyond a reasonable doubt.

      When a sentence has been assigned as part of a GUILTY judgement,
      the Accused is known as the ninny, and the sentence is in
      effect.

      The valid sentences are:

      * DISCHARGE, appropriate only in extraordinary circumstances, if
        any available non-null punishment would be manifestly unjust.
        Has no effect.

      * APOLOGY with a set of up to ten prescribed words (the empty
        set if none is explicitly specified), appropriate for rule
        breaches of small consequence.  When in effect, the ninny
        SHALL as soon as possible publish a formal apology of at least
        200 words, including all the prescribed words, explaining eir
        error, shame, remorse, and ardent desire for self-improvement.
        Failure to do so is a Class-3 Crime of Failure to Apologize.

      * FINE with an amount of one class of asset, appropriate for
        rule breaches of small consequence.  An amount is only valid
        if the currency's backing document binds the ninny (the Rules
        are considered to bind all players) or the ninny has this
        amount of the asset, and the backing document specifies a
        maximum FINE amount, and the amount is no greater than the
        maximum.  When in effect, the ninny SHALL, as soon as
        possible, either destroy this amount of eir asset or transfer
        it to the Lost and Found Department. The ninny is only obliged
        to perform one destruction or transfer per case, even if
        sentences of this type are assigned more than once or go into
        effect more than once.

      * COMMUNITY SERVICE with a set of up to five tasks (the
        prescribed tasks) that the ninny CAN reasonably and legally
        perform, appropriate for rule breaches of moderate consequence
        if the severity of the rule breach is reasonably correlated
        with the consequences of performing the tasks, and especially
        if any other available non-null punishment would be either
        unjust or insufficient.  The balance between compensatory and
        punitive service is left to the judge's discretion.  While a
        sentence of this type is in effect, the ninny SHALL perform
        the prescribed tasks (as soon as possible, unless a different
        time limit is specified).

      * TIME OUT with a number of days between 7 and 21.  Stasis is a
        player timer, tracked by the Registrar.  When a sentence of
        TIME OUT goes into effect, the ninny becomes inactive, and eir
        stasis timer increases by the specified amount; when it ceases
        to be in effect, eir stasis timer is decreased by the
        specified amount.  While a player is inactive, eir stasis
        timer is counting down.  While a player's stasis timer is
        positive, e CANNOT become active.

      * EXILE, appropriate for rule breaches of the highest severity.
        When a judgement of EXILE has been in effect continuously for
        one week, the ninny is deregistered and CANNOT register for
        two months after that time.  During this period, e is known as
        a Fugitive.  Being a Fugitive is the Losing Condition of
        Seeking Asylum.

      Players SHOULD NOT create rules defining Crimes of a Class
      greater than 14.
