Rule 101 (Power=3)
The Rights of Agorans

      WHEREAS Agora, since its inception, has functioned not only as a
      game but as a society, and WHEREAS a society, to function, must
      balance its Rules with the natural rights of its participants,
      BE IT HEREBY PROCLAIMED that no interpretation of Agoran law or
      binding agreement may substantially limit or remove a person's
      rights as defined by this Rule, except through the explicit and
      legal amendment of this Rule.  For the purposes of this Rule, a
      "person" is defined strictly as any unique biological organism
      that is generally capable of initiating the communication of
      independent thought, and a "player" is any such organism that is
      also a player of Agora.

      This rule takes precedence over any rule which would allow or
      mandate restrictions of the rights contained herein.

         i. Every person has the right, though not necessarily the
            ability, to perform actions that are not prohibited or
            regulated by the Rules, with the sole exception of
            changing the Rules, which is permitted only when the Rules
            explicitly or implicitly permit it.

        ii. Every person has the right to initiate a formal process to
            resolve matters of controversy, in the reasonable
            expectation that the controversy will thereby be resolved.
            Every person has the right to cause formal reconsideration
            of any judicial determination that e should be punished.

       iii. Every person has the right to refuse to become party to
            a binding agreement.  The absence of a person's explicit,
            willful consent shall be considered a refusal.

        iv. Every person has the right to not be considered bound by
            an agreement, or an amendment to an agreement, or a Rule
            Change, which e has not had the reasonable opportunity to
            review.  For the purpose of protecting this right, a rule
            change which would otherwise take effect without its
            substance being subject to general player review through a
            reasonably public process is wholly prevented from taking
            effect.

         v. Every player has the right of participation in the fora.

        vi. Every person has the right to not be penalized more than
            once for any single action or inaction.  However, this
            right is not violated by replacing part or all of a
            penalty with a different but comparable penalty, e.g. when
            the rules governing penalties are amended.

       vii. Every player has the right to deregister; e may continue
            to accrue obligations and penalties after deregistration
            but, if e wishes to ignore the game, such penalties shall
            not unduly harass em.

      Please treat Agora right good forever.
