Rule 911 (Power=1.7)
Appeal Cases

      Appeal cases are a subclass of judicial cases.  An appeal case's
      purpose is to determine the appropriateness of a judgement that
      has been assigned to a judicial case, and make remedy if the
      judgement was poorly chosen.  The assignment of judgement being
      questioned (appealed against, or appealed) is referred to as the
      prior assignment; the word "prior" in this rule is used to refer
      to the circumstances of the prior assignment.

      An appeal concerning any assignment of judgement in a non-appeal
      case within the past two weeks CAN be initiated by any player
      with 2 support.  However, rules to the contrary notwithstanding,
      an appeal CANNOT be initiated concerning an assignment caused by
      a judgement in an appeal case, nor an assignment for which an
      appeal has already been initiated.

      The entities qualified to be assigned as judge of an appeal case
      are the judicial panels consisting of three members, where each
      of the members is qualified to be assigned as judge of the prior
      case and none is the prior judge.  If possible, the CotC SHALL
      assign a panel where each of the members is well qualified to be
      assigned as judge of the prior case.

      The valid judgements for an appeal case are of the form
      "<action> with prejudice" or "<action> without prejudice".  Such
      a judgement is generally appropriate if and only if
      (1) the action is appropriate, and
      (2) the judgement is with prejudice if and only if the prior
          judge made an error in eir judgement which could have been
          reasonably avoided, or generally inappropriately discharged
          eir duties in the case.

      The valid values of <action> and their associated effects are as
      follows:

      * AFFIRM, appropriate if the prior judgement was appropriate for
        the prior case; the prior judgement is assigned to the prior
        case again

      * REMAND, appropriate if there is serious doubt about whether
        the prior judgement was appropriate; the prior case is
        rendered open again; the judge SHOULD assign this judgement if
        the judge believes that the judge of the prior case will make
        a better judgement if given a new opportunity

      * REMIT, appropriate if there is serious doubt about whether the
        prior judgement was appropriate, or if the prior judge
        exhibited corruptive self-interest (material, with a specific
        and obvious impact on eir judgement and arguments, and not
        arising merely due to a difference of opinion or a wholly
        incidental material benefit common among many players); the
        judge of the prior case (if any) is recused, and the prior
        case is rendered open again; the judge SHOULD assign this
        judgement if the judge believes that the judge of the prior
        case will not make a better judgement if given a new
        opportunity

      * OVERRULE with a valid replacement judgement for the prior
        case, appropriate if the prior judgement was inappropriate in
        the prior case and the replacement judgement is appropriate
        for the prior case; the replacement judgement is assigned to
        the prior case

      The appropriateness of the prior judgement is measured at the
      time it was assigned.

      When an appeal case is initiated, the prior case is suspended,
      and remains so until the appeal case is judged.

      The judge of a previously-appealed case SHALL NOT assign the
      same judgement to it without new reasoning that addresses the
      serious doubt about its appropriateness.  Violating this
      prohibition is the Class-2 Crime of Lazy Judging.

      A person SHALL NOT appeal a judgement (except on a criminal
      case) unless e reasonably believes that the judgement might be
      inappropriate.
