Rule 2343/7 (Power=1.7)
Victory Conditions

      Victory Conditions and Losing Conditions are conditions
      explicitly defined as such by the Rules.  Such conditions are
      generally satisfied instantaneously, not continuously.

      A Victory Announcement is a published statement labeled as a
      Victory Announcement that states clearly that a specified person
      or persons have satisfied a specified Victory Condition while
      not satisfying any Losing Conditions (and explicitly and clearly
      states which persons and which victory condition).  A Victory
      Announcement is self-ratifying.

      The remainder of this rule notwithstanding, if an event's
      Victory Deadline has passed, then a person CANNOT Win the Game
      due to that event, and its Victory Deadline CANNOT be extended.
      An event's Victory Deadline is initially 28 days after the
      event, and CANNOT be extended except as specified by this rule.
      If it is within 28 days of passing, then anyone CAN extend it by
      28 days by announcement.  (Initiating, assigning a judge to, or
      judging a judicial case substantially relevant to the event
      implicitly counts as such an announcement.)

      When a Victory Announcement ratifies, or a judgement confirming
      the veracity of a victory announcement has been in effect and
      unappealed for one week, and provided the person(s) named have
      not already won via substantially the same events, the person(s)
      Win the Game.  There is no other method of winning the game.
      Winning the game does not cause Agora to end.

      The Herald SHALL award the Patent Title Champion to any person
      who wins the game, as soon as possible after the win.  The
      Herald SHOULD note the method of winning in eir report.

      Any person who wins the game while knowingly breaking a Rule, or
      while willingly and knowingly being a party to a Rules breach,
      where the breach is directly and substantially responsible for
      the win, commits the Class-4 Crime of Poor Sportsmanship.  If
      any party is found GUILTY of this crime, then, as soon as
      possible after the judgement has been in effect for one week,
      the Herald SHALL, as part of the punishment, revoke any Champion
      title awarded to the guilty parties as a result of the win.
