Rule 2166 (Power=2)
Assets

      An asset is an entity defined as such by a rule or contest
      (hereafter its backing document), and existing solely because
      its backing document defines its existence.

      Each asset has exactly one owner.  If an asset would otherwise
      lack an owner, it is owned by the Lost and Found Department.  If
      an asset's backing document restricts its ownership to a class
      of entities, then that asset CANNOT be gained by or transferred
      to an entity outside that class, and is transferred to the Lost
      and Found Department if it is owned by an entity outside that
      class.  If an asset is owned by the Lost and Found department
      any player CAN transfer or destroy it without objection.

      The Lost and Found department may own any asset, and have assets
      transferred to and from it, regardless of the asset's backing
      document or any Rule, Rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

      The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity (if any)
      defined as such by, and bound by, its backing document.  That
      entity's report includes a list of all instances of that class
      and their owners.  This portion of that entity's report is
      self-ratifying.

      An asset whose backing document is not a rule generally CAN be
      created by its recordkeepor by announcement, subject to
      modification by its backing document.  To "gain" an asset is to
      have it created in one's possession; to "award" an asset to an
      entity is to create it in that entity's possession.

      An asset generally CAN be destroyed by its owner by
      announcement, and an asset owned by the Lost and Found
      Department generally CAN be destroyed by its recordkeepor by
      announcement, subject to modification by its backing document.
      To "lose" (syn. "spend") an asset is to have it destroyed from
      one's possession; to "revoke" an asset from an entity is to
      destroy it from that entity's possession.

      An asset generally CAN be transferred by its owner to another
      entity by announcement, subject to modification by its backing
      document.  A fixed asset is one defined as such by its backing
      document, and CANNOT be transferred; any other asset is liquid.

      A currency is a class of asset defined as such by its backing
      document.  Instances of a currency with the same owner are
      fungible.  The Minimum Unit Quantity (MUQ) of each currency is
      one.
